<html><body><p>It's been a while since I did an emailed post so let's see how this goes.

Yesterday I attended a sort of Taize service at church. I say sort of because it was day 1 of an experiment. I think we were in what some folks would call the chancel but is not called that in a Baptist church. We were where the choir sits, near the piano. Around us people were getting ready for the multi media youth service. Everyone runs late. This experiment will be live for 3 months on the 1st Sunday of the month. You see how confused all this is. We did some Taize singing with some Scripture and some prayer. It lasted half an hour. The pianist doesn't want to play the chants repetitively. Twice and he wants to move on. Singing some in Latin, which he did, blew the other folks away. Fortunately, it was one of the Latin ones I knew so could join him. When we got all done, and we were giving feedback, I said, "I want a kyrie elaison."" I also discovered the others think of prayer as for individuals while I was contributing for this and for this and for this. What can I say? I've hung out with litanies for a long time. Anyway, several more people expressed interest in the service. I ride with the leader and we talked if another time would work for the group though maybe next month more will be interested. It was a good contrast to the youth service.

I managed to drop my bread into the cup at communion. I'm not good at intinction. It's about judging where the liquid is. I'm also "ripping" and "dipping" with my right hand and that is an adventure in itself.

I'm making good progress in reading an entire book for Bible study next week. It comes of giving away all my commentaries and needing one. This book is an approach to Mark which maintains Jesus is a political figure interested in renewal in the agrarian villages of Galilee. It had never occurred to me, and to anyone else as far as I can remember, that Galilee and Judea were under different governments for 800 years or so before they got put under the same governance for about 100 years ending with Herod the Great and then were broken apart again. As a result, the Galileans religious tradition did not include anything after the reign of Solomon.

Elwood and I went on a nice exercise walk today and he did very well.</p></body></html>