<<page>>

<<header>>

- [[/][Home]]
- [[/about][About NaNoWriMo]]
- [[/ask][Ask Us]]
- [[/archive][Archive]]

[[/][[[https://static.tumblr.com/afb1e4f438be4e7c4e72a8c290c4da4f/yjqarde/0dBo5j5rh/tumblr_static_7xgqxjogk3cwwwoo848ogw0sw.png]]]]
National Novel Writing Month is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that believes your
story matters.\\
\\
Welcome to our blog! We're so glad you're here.

<<content>>

* 51 Questions You've (Probably) Never Asked About Your Characters
  :PROPERTIES:
  :CUSTOM_ID: questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about-your-characters
  :END:

[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/2a9b960754de9ab0eac6aa5a73fe33c8/tumblr_inline_p6mgl5uoJa1qei69r_500.png]]

At NaNo HQ, we're big fans of long, detailed character questionnaires
([[http://blog.nanowrimo.org/post/61118193819/nano-prep-the-official-nanowrimo-character][like
this one]])! They're invaluable when it comes to fleshing out our
characters, exploring their secrets, and just killing time---but after
hundreds of questions and dozens of quizzes, the questions all begin to
look the same.

After careful research, rigorous testing, and three escaped typewriter
monkeys, we're proud to present the *51-Question NaNo Character
Questionnaire 2.0*, filled with questions you've probably never
considered asking about your characters.

By the time you've finished this questionnaire, you'll know more about
your characters than you may know about yourself!

1. What does your character do when they think no one's looking?

2. What's the one thing your character would save in a fire (beyond the
necessities)?

3. Who's on speed dial?

4. Your character gets turned down for their dream job. What's their
second choice?

5. What would they tell their ten-year-old self?

6. Where would they want to go on a first date?

7. What's the best advice they've ever received?

8. What's the worst advice they've ever received?

9. What's one physical detail they'd change about themselves?

10. When was the last time they were held? By who?

11. What's their favorite thing about their favorite season?

12. Their wallet gets stolen. What do they do?

13. Prioritize: Love, money, power, knowledge?

14. What's something nobody knows about them?

15. What's in their fridge?

16. What (creature, object, substance) are they most disgusted by?

17. What's their second worst habit?

18. What are the victory conditions for their life?

19. In the end, your character fails to save the day. Assuming they
survive, what do they do?

20. Your character is charged with a crime they didn't commit. What do
they do?

21. Your character is charged with a crime they did commit. What was the
crime?

22. What's the 140-character version of your character's life?

23. What important statistic would they want displayed above them?

24. What's the first thing they would buy if they won the lottery?

25. What profession do they most respect?

26. What childhood injustice did they never get over?

27. How would they handle having a panic attack?

28. Your character is burdened with an inconvenient superpower. What is
it?

29. If they died and could come back as any person, animal, or object,
what would they be?

30. What's the best meal they've ever had?

31. Where would they stand at a dinner party?

32. Who would they invite to the dinner party?

33. What makes a perfect day for your character?

34. If given the opportunity, would they want to know how and when they
died?

35. What's the one thing they've always wanted to do? Why haven't they
done it yet?

36. What do they tend to joke about?

37. What's off limits?

38. Whose wedding would they cross the world to attend? Whose funeral?

39. What impossible choice did they make that turned out to be the right
one? The wrong one?

40. Your character now has a hype man (or woman). What would they say to
get everyone excited about your character?

41. What recurring dream does your character have?

42. What is the meaning of life to your character?

43. If your character wrote a NaNo novel, would they be a planner,
pantser, or plantser?

44. What book does your character pretend to have read?

45. Someone takes undeserved credit for your character's work. What do
they do?

46. What controversial belief or view does your character hold? Why? Do
they hide it?

47. Your character is at a theme park. Where do they go first?

48. What's your character's favorite name?

49. What's the biggest compliment they'd give themselves?

50. How does your character feel about bugs?

51. If your character could hit a reset button on their life, would
they?

You can find other prompts and pieces of inspiration at the
[[https://t.umblr.com/redirect?z=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fp%2FBbdDXZbHfbc%2F%3Ftaken-by%3Dnanowrimo&t=Njg3MWU5ZWMxMDAxOTgyYzQ1M2FmMWRhOTA5NDI2OWYyYTUyZDM3Nyx1Sk9iRHBXUQ%3D%3D&b=t%3AiJOWbypN91hMNPuHw2UEHw&p=https%3A%2F%2Fblog.nanowrimo.org%2Fpost%2F172764338136%2F51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about&m=1][NaNoWriMo
Instagram]], our
[[https://t.umblr.com/redirect?z=https%3A%2F%2Fywp.nanowrimo.org%2Fpages%2Fwriting-hub&t=YTUwMDcwN2VjMzdmOGUyMjk1ZmZmMWIxYzM0M2QzYzNmY2Q5NjRmNSx1Sk9iRHBXUQ%3D%3D&b=t%3AiJOWbypN91hMNPuHw2UEHw&p=https%3A%2F%2Fblog.nanowrimo.org%2Fpost%2F172764338136%2F51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about&m=1][Young
Writers Program]] site, or the
[[https://t.umblr.com/redirect?z=https%3A%2F%2Fnanowrimo.org%2Fnano-prep&t=ZGYwOWQxZDEwYWMzYjhiMTIwMzUxOThjZWU1ODY3ZGU1YTJiNjkyMix1Sk9iRHBXUQ%3D%3D&b=t%3AiJOWbypN91hMNPuHw2UEHw&p=https%3A%2F%2Fblog.nanowrimo.org%2Fpost%2F172764338136%2F51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about&m=1][NaNoWriMo
site!]] And don't forget to start and update your project on the
[[https://t.umblr.com/redirect?z=https%3A%2F%2Fcampnanowrimo.org%2F&t=ZjgwOGE0ZGQxODE3YjQ3ODRmOTVkZjg4ODZjOGExODFiOTliNjBlNSx1Sk9iRHBXUQ%3D%3D&b=t%3AiJOWbypN91hMNPuHw2UEHw&p=https%3A%2F%2Fblog.nanowrimo.org%2Fpost%2F172764338136%2F51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about&m=1][Camp
NaNoWriMo website!]]

[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/post/172764338136/51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about][Apr.
9 2018]]

[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/nanowrimo][#nanowrimo]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/writing-prompts][#writing prompts]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/writing][#writing]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/inspiration][#inspiration]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/questionnaire][#questionnaire]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/character][#character]]
[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/tagged/camp-nanowrimo][#camp nanowrimo]]

[[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/post/172764338136/51-questions-youve-probably-never-asked-about][2,130
notes]]

<<permalink-content>>

<<disqus_thread>>

Please enable JavaScript to view the
[[http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript][comments powered by Disqus.]]
[[http://disqus.com][blog comments powered by Disqus]]

*** Notes
    :PROPERTIES:
    :CUSTOM_ID: notes
    :END:

1.  [[https://alannaofroses.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_302417a667d1_16.pnj]]]][[https://alannaofroses.tumblr.com/][alannaofroses]]
    liked this

2.  [[https://tanoris.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_2002d20a2793_16.pnj]]]][[https://tanoris.tumblr.com/][tanoris]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

3.  [[https://kayinspo.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_0243b4072a7d_16.pnj]]]][[https://kayinspo.tumblr.com/][kayinspo]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://jingjingteon.tumblr.com/][jingjingteon]]

4.  [[https://twixandturns.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_3f88aaaf1c53_16.pnj]]]][[https://twixandturns.tumblr.com/][twixandturns]]
    liked this

5.  [[https://akisschreibstube.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_d6101abf8df0_16.pnj]]]][[https://akisschreibstube.tumblr.com/][akisschreibstube]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://writeblr-monthly.tumblr.com/][writeblr-monthly]]

6.  [[https://nadiawrimos.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_fba157a9dac5_16.pnj]]]][[https://nadiawrimos.tumblr.com/][nadiawrimos]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

7.  [[https://vadalax.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/cube_closed_16.png]]]][[https://vadalax.tumblr.com/][vadalax]]
    liked this

8.  [[https://thedeca-ao3.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/b6ed7fa171854dd27c8113cbcea29f49/f02da053db867977-d8/s16x16u_c1/9c4cd13cfe2a391a71962d7f2c8f0d5cc6b14e2b.jpg]]]][[https://thedeca-ao3.tumblr.com/][thedeca-ao3]]
    liked this

9.  [[https://april-showers-tale.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_2dfdc310f262_16.pnj]]]][[https://april-showers-tale.tumblr.com/][april-showers-tale]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://rivendell101.tumblr.com/][rivendell101]]

10. [[https://miriammaisels.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_a555ca681c03_16.pnj]]]][[https://miriammaisels.tumblr.com/][miriammaisels]]
    liked this

11. [[https://whumpiest-bitch-in-town.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_9fec04112c6e_16.pnj]]]][[https://whumpiest-bitch-in-town.tumblr.com/][whumpiest-bitch-in-town]]
    liked this

12. [[https://smiley5494.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_1fa041b54f92_16.pnj]]]][[https://smiley5494.tumblr.com/][smiley5494]]
    liked this

13. [[https://stylish-cucumber.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/cone_closed_16.png]]]][[https://stylish-cucumber.tumblr.com/][stylish-cucumber]]
    liked this

14. [[https://delightfuljellybeanmuffin.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_740100e246d7_16.pnj]]]][[https://delightfuljellybeanmuffin.tumblr.com/][delightfuljellybeanmuffin]]
    liked this

15. [[https://sprinklesandsugarcubes.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_086d251200df_16.pnj]]]][[https://sprinklesandsugarcubes.tumblr.com/][sprinklesandsugarcubes]]
    liked this

16. [[https://teenage-fandomqueen.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_abd73fad2373_16.pnj]]]][[https://teenage-fandomqueen.tumblr.com/][teenage-fandomqueen]]
    liked this

17. [[https://fallen-stars-and-wishes.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/sphere_open_16.png]]]][[https://fallen-stars-and-wishes.tumblr.com/][fallen-stars-and-wishes]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://rivendell101.tumblr.com/][rivendell101]]

18. [[https://fallen-stars-and-wishes.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/sphere_open_16.png]]]][[https://fallen-stars-and-wishes.tumblr.com/][fallen-stars-and-wishes]]
    liked this

19. [[https://dreamer-of-serenity.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_103b8f0ce844_16.pnj]]]][[https://dreamer-of-serenity.tumblr.com/][dreamer-of-serenity]]
    liked this

20. [[https://foxescanwearglasses.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_be328fd6949f_16.pnj]]]][[https://foxescanwearglasses.tumblr.com/][foxescanwearglasses]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

21. [[https://foxescanwearglasses.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_be328fd6949f_16.pnj]]]][[https://foxescanwearglasses.tumblr.com/][foxescanwearglasses]]
    liked this

22. [[https://littlxmiss.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/cube_open_16.png]]]][[https://littlxmiss.tumblr.com/][littlxmiss]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]

23. [[https://littlxmiss.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/cube_open_16.png]]]][[https://littlxmiss.tumblr.com/][littlxmiss]]
    liked this

24. [[https://anikanks.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_77b9b04e5abb_16.pnj]]]][[https://anikanks.tumblr.com/][anikanks]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://rivendell101.tumblr.com/][rivendell101]]

25. [[https://teristoe.tumblr.com/][[[https://assets.tumblr.com/images/default_avatar/pyramid_closed_16.png]]]][[https://teristoe.tumblr.com/][teristoe]]
    liked this

26. [[https://phoenix-before-the-flame.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_d18014a63aae_16.pnj]]]][[https://phoenix-before-the-flame.tumblr.com/][phoenix-before-the-flame]]
    liked this

27. [[https://cracklr.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_250f0c005953_16.pnj]]]][[https://cracklr.tumblr.com/][cracklr]]
    liked this

28. [[https://mandyk202.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_a0e99ebf4bda_16.pnj]]]][[https://mandyk202.tumblr.com/][mandyk202]]
    liked this

29. [[https://daydreamronnie.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/bc1bcf228b8643ce5a3044ad3de3c33f/6d7397d9b6123661-62/s16x16u_c1/9e411c88609181bfcda11d707147e9d4cc64cf1d.jpg]]]][[https://daydreamronnie.tumblr.com/][daydreamronnie]]
    liked this

30. [[https://peachybrook.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_f8b02e0fdfdc_16.pnj]]]][[https://peachybrook.tumblr.com/][peachybrook]]
    liked this

31. [[https://rivendell101.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/f958f53c774e275d306b3f01b2cb3429/6903cd403c34ee7e-fd/s16x16u_c1/0241148c3df719311f38731af327af136f442062.pnj]]]][[https://rivendell101.tumblr.com/][rivendell101]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]

32. [[https://selmasemlan.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_7d733165aadf_16.pnj]]]][[https://selmasemlan.tumblr.com/][selmasemlan]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]

33. [[https://selmasemlan.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_7d733165aadf_16.pnj]]]][[https://selmasemlan.tumblr.com/][selmasemlan]]
    liked this

34. [[https://noirefemefatale.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_78b89fc9a612_16.pnj]]]][[https://noirefemefatale.tumblr.com/][noirefemefatale]]
    liked this

35. [[https://jenresources.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_62aa3f096f2b_16.pnj]]]][[https://jenresources.tumblr.com/][jenresources]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]

36. [[https://s-s-southsideserpentine.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/8c50c94bb89420651fcdced256c98ade/1a80fd99d2225aac-2a/s16x16u_c1/41bd87d780c8c37312173643e8facc384b5e6b3d.jpg]]]][[https://s-s-southsideserpentine.tumblr.com/][s-s-southsideserpentine]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]

37. [[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/4eb14de4d55c4c3b861bd2630b3a1d2d/bd5bec69c8dc2cf4-af/s16x16u_c1/e20befd52b87a7a5f051d7a8a5aaba04faf5b6a6.pnj]]]][[https://southsidewrites.tumblr.com/][southsidewrites]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://sweetwaterprincess.tumblr.com/][sweetwaterprincess]]

38. [[https://sweetwaterprincess.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_cfed4b3e7175_16.pnj]]]][[https://sweetwaterprincess.tumblr.com/][sweetwaterprincess]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://paperlesscrown.tumblr.com/][paperlesscrown]]

39. [[https://the-darkish-side-of-specs.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_bfeaedc079ee_16.gif]]]][[https://the-darkish-side-of-specs.tumblr.com/][the-darkish-side-of-specs]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

40. [[https://ladytish.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_b67f160c6b40_16.pnj]]]][[https://ladytish.tumblr.com/][ladytish]]
    reblogged this from
    [[https://writeouswriter.tumblr.com/][writeouswriter]]

41. [[https://ninjapixy.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_cc51d1a77080_16.pnj]]]][[https://ninjapixy.tumblr.com/][ninjapixy]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

42. [[https://thomas-mind-hater.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_acef7af79a23_16.pnj]]]][[https://thomas-mind-hater.tumblr.com/][thomas-mind-hater]]
    liked this

43. [[https://a-haunted-castle.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_a282f7cb0114_16.pnj]]]][[https://a-haunted-castle.tumblr.com/][a-haunted-castle]]
    liked this

44. [[https://paolaravenclaw.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_f7010d70db42_16.pnj]]]][[https://paolaravenclaw.tumblr.com/][paolaravenclaw]]
    liked this

45. [[https://shaniwrites.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_387f62c36a91_16.pnj]]]][[https://shaniwrites.tumblr.com/][shaniwrites]]
    liked this

46. [[https://sararpsthings.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_b598a5fa991c_16.pnj]]]][[https://sararpsthings.tumblr.com/][sararpsthings]]
    reblogged this from [[https://lilyjames.co/][lilyy-james]]

47. [[https://lilyjevans.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_20a025e86c71_16.pnj]]]][[https://lilyjevans.tumblr.com/][lilyjevans]]
    liked this

48. [[https://lilyjames.co/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/0ea6910126f25961bbdebf30ff78e7ea/94049546abc1d3a1-16/s16x16u_c1/6ccad29a3efd789afd54da761a93935224d914ec.pnj]]]][[https://lilyjames.co/][lilyy-james]]
    reblogged this from [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]

49. [[https://rocketjo.tumblr.com/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_1bbf2b083fe0_16.pnj]]]][[https://rocketjo.tumblr.com/][rocketjo]]
    liked this

50. [[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][[[https://66.media.tumblr.com/avatar_33d015e54d0f_16.pnj]]]][[https://blog.nanowrimo.org/][nanowrimo]]
    posted this

51. [[#][Show more notes]]Loading...

<<footer>>

<<footer-links>>

- [[/][Home]]
- [[/about][About NaNoWriMo]]
- [[/ask][Ask Us]]
- [[/archive][Archive]]

[[http://zacksultan.com][Observer theme by Zack Sultan]]

[[https://px.srvcs.tumblr.com/impixu?T=1568737008&J=eyJ0eXBlIjoidXJsIiwidXJsIjoiaHR0cDovL2Jsb2cubmFub3dyaW1vLm9yZy9wb3N0LzE3Mjc2NDMzODEzNi81MS1xdWVzdGlvbnMteW91dmUtcHJvYmFibHktbmV2ZXItYXNrZWQtYWJvdXQiLCJyZXF0eXBlIjowLCJyb3V0ZSI6Ii9wb3N0LzppZC86c3VtbWFyeSIsIm5vc2NyaXB0IjoxfQ==&U=OCDELMCDOA&K=c8b0a5f5457b37b82ad023c49e5d2f2090c2b8517dc75d9fb2c1298cfa206666&R=]]
[[https://px.srvcs.tumblr.com/impixu?T=1568737008&J=eyJ0eXBlIjoicG9zdCIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6Ly9ibG9nLm5hbm93cmltby5vcmcvcG9zdC8xNzI3NjQzMzgxMzYvNTEtcXVlc3Rpb25zLXlvdXZlLXByb2JhYmx5LW5ldmVyLWFza2VkLWFib3V0IiwicmVxdHlwZSI6MCwicm91dGUiOiIvcG9zdC86aWQvOnN1bW1hcnkiLCJwb3N0cyI6W3sicG9zdGlkIjoiMTcyNzY0MzM4MTM2IiwiYmxvZ2lkIjoiNjkxNjU2NCIsInNvdXJjZSI6MzN9XSwibm9zY3JpcHQiOjF9&U=EPIHPMOMNI&K=a8c80012cf8bd741769891fcfd512efe15902263039cebce04a605cd87a8eb7b&R=]]
