When I got inside the ride, Star insisted I sit down and have a cup of
tea. Star is usually not this intuitive, but even they could see my
exhausion.

"This is your first assignment after War Crimes Investigation School,
is it not?" Janker asked.

"Yes," I said. "I do not understand why I was selected for this
mission, but here I am doing the best I can."

"You need to call Ronnie Junior Investigator Ronnie Camberwell,"
Janker said to Captain Star Runner. "She is a graduate now and member
of the Tigerfoo military.

"I will do that," Captain Star Runner said and I knew they would from
now on. Captain Star Runner liked to call people by their full titles
which was weird at first but I had gotten used to it over time.

"So," Janker said after I had finished my tea, "report."

"High level is this," I said. The indigenous people on this planet are
humanoid and they call themselves Star Children. They are all pale. I
am considered a Dark Child. They have many legends and superstitutions
about Dark Children.However, one of the Star Children I met said their
was a group of Star Children somewhere around here who are dark like
me. Mr. Robot assumes I come from the people who made the sky boat
that brought us here. I am working under the assumption that the
people who made that vehicle are the Followers of the Stars. I found a
flimsy with numbers on it I think is a map to either here or some
place near here, but I cannot read it. Mr. Robot speaks a language I
do not know though I am now pretty fluent in the Star Child language.
He wanted to report but his report would have literally taken decades
to deliver via speech. I found a transmitter and my links adjusted it
to transmit a compressed version of the report. I sent it to the
Fungusians who are the only people I think who could make sense of it
and do so in a timely matter."

Janker gestured a frown. I waited for him to dress me down. I had not
transmitted anything to the Tigerfoo Confederacy.

"Given your constraints," he finally said "and your total lack of
support, it makes sense to me that you would have reached out to the
Fungusian Network. You have dealt with them in the past and have found
them both helpful and trustworthy. Nevertheless, I am disturbed that
they have this information. The Fungusian Network sometimes shares its
data without concern for our interests."

I waited, but he did not go on. "True enough," I said. "I did think of
that, not that that is an excuse, but I had no idea if Mr. Robot would
run out of power or in some other way become unable to deseminate his
report. I did not want to lose it. I had no way to store it."

"And no one gave you a ship of your own for that purpose?" Janker
asked.

"No," I said. "I flew commercial from the War Crimes Investigation
School all the way here."

"I will be questioning that decision," Janker advised me. "You are a
junior officer with no field experience. In fact, you have no
experience at all so far as Tigerfoo military experience is concerned.
Considering all that, you have done well."

"There is the matter of this flickering presence," I said. "I do not
know if it followed me here and what it is."

Janker did that frown gesture again. "Our ifnormation suggests that
this is a Rainbow Sky agent," he said. "They can shift into a very
small pocket of hyperspace and almost disappear from view. It is not a
cloak. It is a removal from our time space continuum which allows them
to hide. We cannot find what is not present."

We were silent. I was so tired.

"Do you have the map?" Janker asked.

"Right here," I said. I brought out the pouch and handed it over.
"There were some local reports as well. Master Gaunt took them. He
was not interested in the flimsy."

"I want you to freshen up and rest for now," Janker said. "Captain
Star Runner and I will make a reconnaissance of the area. Before you
retire, I would like you to interface with the Ride artificial
intelligence so that we have a way of communicating with Mr. Robot."

"Let me advise him that I have delegated command to you," I said. "He
believes I am his master.

When this was done, I gratefully retired to a cabin fitted out for me.
I gratefully laid down in a real bed and fell asleep very quickly.
Ride provided the right combination of sound and aromas to put me
under without the use of medicinal substances.

 
