Just some preliminary thoughts: I've been a lot of things in my life. As
a girl I wanted to be a writer. To me, writing has always been about
telling a story. Publication has not always been upper most in my mind.
Of course I wanted to write the great American novel and be famous. I've
always wanted to be famous, but being praised as a storyteller is what
is of greatest importance to me. I thought I would be a remoun preacher.
Later I thought I would settle for being known as a preacher. I write
and I like to post what I write on the web for peole to stumble upon and
enjoy. I have no desire to get into the rat race of self promotion,
social media and selling myself. I think of the web as Margaret
Mitchner's attic. What's good for Gone with the Wind is good enough for
me though I have to confess, I've never read Gone with the Wind or seen
the movie. Now that I have my Raspberry Pi server I've been interested
in gathering my work together and publishing it there. It's been an
interesting process, looking through backups and trying to find
everything. My earliest writing is gone. It was in Braille and has
gotten pitched out with moves and the whims of cleaning out over the
years. Some electronic files are currently missing, too, and may be gone
forever. More the pity. What I've come to realize over the past few days
is that I need to claim the title of writer. I am no longer a preacher.
I can still write on spiritual topics, but I want to write fiction and
put my own spiritual house in order.
