THE TIME WEAVER

\\

The time weaver watched from the edge of the pasture AS the young poet
WALK TOWARD HER. "I'm standing here in the woods like one of the narnia
children," the time weaver thought. "A moment ago I was at the Time
Conservatory and now I am here in what is my past."

\\

The time weaver had passed through the permeable membrane between now
and then to create a defense against time, preventing this young poet
from dying later this afternoon.

\\

The time weaver's intervention was not permanet.

Protected from the accident, the young poet would live and write more
poems. There were only six extant. The time weaver had read them to
prepare herself to design the pod. The poems evoked feelings in the time
weaver she would have preferred to keep buried deep within herself. It
was better if she worked dispassionately, not attached to her subject in
any way. Time weavers both gave their subjects an opportunity to live
and then took it away. The time river would permit some modifications
for a little while, but always resumed its shape. If the time weaver was
not precise in her work, the reasserting eddies of time would damage
many. The time weaver herself could be washed away, lost forever in some
whirlpool or dashed to pieces by a cataract. A well-woven pod could
withstand the pressure for the young poet's lifetime, but no more. At
some future time, future time for the now older poet, the time weaver
would spread her hands and break the woven pod. Time would resume its
original shape. The young poet would again die young. That the time
weaver's time and all times afterwards, would have the poems written
while the young poet aged.

\\

The young poet was unaware of the time weaver's presence. The summer
foliage of the trees that hugged the pasture's edge obscured the time
weaver from view. As the young poet drew nearer the time weaver flexed
her fingers, her hands measuring the shape of the young poet's body in
the air, deftly exploring her time signature. She touched the young
poet's hair, feeling even at this distance its thickness and length as
it spilled down across her slender shoulders and down her narrow back to
first waist then slim hip and finally flat buttock. The time weaver
traced the shape of the young poet's profile, the bones of her jaw, the
angle of her chin, the delicateness of her throat. She massaged
shoulders, cupped small hard breasts in her fingers, brushed erect
nipples, caressed belly, thighs, ankles and then touched toes. The time
weaver smiled, surreptitiously lingering between the young poet's legs.
How many had she fondled in this way over the years? No wonder the time
purists called her craft wicked. Her breath caught. She herself became
wet, feeling the power of the young poet's sexual energy. Reluctantly.
She withdrew her hand. Still aroused, more aroused than she cared to
admit, she hurriedly composed herself to weave the pod

\\

The time weaver must know the stature of this young poet to weave the
pod to encapsulate the poet, protecting her from the accident that would
end her life later this afternoon. The time weaver knew nothing of this
accident, what it would be, how it would occur. Her director had given
her only the file indicating when and where to intercept the young poet.
So here she was, waiting for the young poet to take just one more step.
Then the time weaver would begin.

\\

\\

\\

A benefit of the time weaver's art was that no paradoxes were created.
The pod allowed the occupant to interact normally, to love, to partner,
to procreate, and to create without affecting the time line. Those
outside the pod were shielded from the reality inside the pod. When the
time weaver tugged at the chords that bound her weaving together, the
poet's life would unravel. What had occurred would only be wisps of
regret, daydreams of what might have been.

\\

It was time. The time weaver's hands moved, tracing in air the pod, its
intricate lattice encircling the young poet's being. Again the time
weaver felt the power of the young poet's sexuality.

\\

And then something happened which had never happened before in all the
history of time weaving. The young poet saw through the leaves the lead
hand of the time weaver as she tied off the ends of the pod, securing
it, protecting the young poet from real time.

\\

In that time of perception, the young poet saw her life as it really was
and perceived the intent behind the time weaver's actions. And being a
poet, she also perceived, though not clearly, the time weaver herself:
her craft, her love of beautiful things, her deep loneliness, her desire
for both solitude and companionship, her sexual desire for the young
poet. And while the pod was not yet closed completely, something passed
between them.

\\

Later the poet would write many poems declaring her love for the almost
unseen woman in the forest. These were passionate poems, filled with
longing and desire, with dreams of union, of flight and pursuit, of
exquisite physical consummation and a fulfilled soul. Future generations
would keep her memory alive, savoring these poems of unrequited love.

\\

As for the time weaver, the young poet's love burned into her flesh,
crippling her hands. She could no longer weave a sound pod. But only the
time weaver who wove the pod could unweave it. So when it came time to
unweave the poet's pod, the time weaver began, her nerve-damaged fingers
struggling to untie the knots she had made. She worked slowly, partly
because of her hands and partly because she was out of practice working
with pods. The pod began to open. Slowly, slowly, the time weaver
struggled to undo her weaving. She had been the most gifted of all the
time weavers. When the pod had opened a mere hand's breadth, the poet,
now old, her own hands bent with arthritis, again saw the time weaver's
hand amid the leaves. The old poet reached out her own hand and grasped
the time weaver's hand, not to stop her, but to pull her hand into the
pod: first the fingers, then the hand and the wrist. Again the time
weaver felt the fire. It moved up her arm. Unlike the first time, that
other time, the time weaver welcomed the fire. She widened the opening
into the pod, plunging her shoulder into the all-consuming fire. The
poet pulled her into flames, their heat burning the time weaver's face,
her hair, her shoulder, and her breasts. As the fire spread further down
her body, the time weaver became aware the poet held her in her arms,
pressing her against the poet's own body as the pod collapsed around
them. When the final strand of the pod unraveled poet and time weaver
were finally joined, setting the forest at the edged of pasture alight.
