Nick and I walked to catch a direct bus home from my salon
appointment. It was a nice day and catching the bus near the salon
would have required several complicated street crossings and a bus transfer.

I had trouble connecting with my GPS. In the end, I think I hadn't
turned on my remote for my hearing aids. As a result, I was not fully
engaged with exactly where we were. Nick was so excited to go down new
streets. He became impatient with all my stopping and fiddling with technology.

Turning Nick around is always challenging. He seems to think that this
will make the walk end too soon even when we have walked for some
time./~/org/using-fly

Finally we got onto a street that ran alongside the park. I was happy
because it meant we only had one big street crossing to go before the
bus stop.

Nick took the opportunity to turn into the park. We had walked through
there once before, but I did not have a good grasp on the macadam
paths. I thought I had turned Nick around to go back onto the
sidewalk, but he had other ideas.

I found myself going up hill and down at a great rate of speed. Happy
dog. GPS is basically useless in a park. At one point we came near to
some identifiable streets, but they were on the east side of the park.
I needed to be on the west side of the park.

We walked some more. I didn't think we were in any danger, but I did
wonder if Nick would ever consent to leave the park. I started
thinking about who I could call to come and find us. I had no good
options. I finally decided Nick would eventually get hungry and tired.

At last we exited the park. Unfortunately, Nick was going in the
opposite direction that I wanted to go. He was opposed to changing
direction. Eventually I prevailed.

We walked alongside the park. We had often done this when we lived in
the high rise. Nick thinks of this route as a going home route so he
was less than enthusiastic.

When we got to the bus stop, Nick began to whine. The only thing worse
than walking home is not walking at all.

I will be curious to know how we do the next time we walk home from
the salon. Will a detour into the park be de rigueur.
