<html><body><p>It is not remarkable for someone to take the bus. It is not remarkable for a blind person to take the bus. Twenty years ago I took the bus home from the Princeton Junction Train Station regularly. Nevertheless, I feel very accomplished. I took Nick to the vet on the bus by myself recently.</p>

<p>We walk to the bus stop. This involves crossing a busy street and walking (according to Google) one tenth of a mile. We successfully locate the pole which functions as a bus stop indicator. Nick is quite excited to find the pole since he received a treat the last time he showed me the pole. His nose goes to the pole as if it is a magnet. I do not disappoint him. Today will be a day of copious treats. </p>

<p>There is some sort of problem with the man in front of me paying his fare. It seems he has been arguing with the driver from the previous stop. Once that is resolved there is some sort of reset needed before I can tap my prepaid card. I am not sure what that is all about. Another passenger inelegantly helps me to a seat. She also inelegantly helps me off the bus, but I do get off at the correct place, crossed a quiet street controlled by a traffic light and find the vet's office. (I previously made this trip with an instructor so Nick and I know where the building is and how to get inside.) Again Nick sniffs a tree outside the office and availed himself of their grass for a pit stop. I suspect he is not the only dog who has done so.</p>

<p>Happily all Nick’s paperwork is in order. Our appointment goes well. Nick has gained a few pounds but as he was a few pounds underweight when we came to Milwaukee, this is fine.</p>

<p>I am able to pay my bill and leave independently. Someone coming into the office holds the door open for us. Nick and I find the street we need to cross in order to wait for the bus on the other side of the street. Nick eagerly locates the push button because another treat is in the offing. (He received several treats in the office as he needed blood work for some routine tests and a number of yearly vaccinations.) We cross the street and wait for our bus.
I have no idea when the bus will come. I did not checked the schedule. At some level it does not matter. I did not know exactly when Nick’s appointment would be over and I was not going to rush. The vet made sure we would not have to come back until next year. I will have to stop by to pick up refills on Nick’s medications but we do not have to make another vet visit for another year unless something comes up.</p>

<p>Amazingly, Nick sat patiently waiting for the bus. I have never known him to do anything like this before. Nick is rarely patient and he does not like to sit, popping up immediately after every command. Yet, here he sits, letting me know what a veteran traveller he is and how perfect a guide dog he is.</p>

<p>The bus pulls up and it is the same driver. This time I have no trouble tapping my card. The driver directs me to a seat. The trip goes without incident. When we arrive at our stop, the driver advises me he is not at the intersection and clarifies my walking direction for me. A woman directs me across one busy street and another woman walk with me across the second busy street.</p>

<p>It was a successful outing and boosted my confidence greatly. I was never especially anxious either. That is a significant change for me. Nick, for his part, took it all in stride. Just another day in the life of a working dog.</p></body></html>