<html><body><p>Today I have spent a great deal of time in the kitchen and I have more time to spend there later. I've been cleaning up and cooking. Today I made a big batch of vegetable soup which will be handy for quick meals. I used sweet potatoes instead of the fingerlings and I've decided I like the fingerlings better, but the sweet potatoes will have to do for this batch. I also tried the beef bacon which is cut thick like Canadian bacon, I think. It may be already cooked because it didn't feel raw. It is not at all fatty so did not make a mess in the microwave when I heated it up. I had an egg and bacon sandwich.

I brought a CD back to the library because it had the wrong CD in the case. I discovered the doors are automatic to some degree at the library so will have to get the hang of this. I think we greeted someone from the farmer's market. Elwood still does not like leaving the library and going home. Well, get over it!

I decided to walk home taking South Park to Midland. This was handy as the train came while we were still within earshot. This allowed me to not only here the whistle, which I can hear from the apartment, but also the unmistakable dinging sound at the crossing. I have the sense the train moves slowly as I didn't hear the train itself. I haven't figured out the train schedule yet.

I went to the meal, discussion group and Bible study Wednesday night at church. They read an excerpt from Barbara Brown Taylor's book Leaving Church. As an accommodation, they read out loud which was a new experience in listening and tone for them. Of course, this meant we didn't get to a discussion because reading aloud is different from reading silently. I also asked people to identify themselves as they went around the circle for the before-reading sharing. It is interesting that people didn't just give their names, but described their relationships and gave me background to their comments. i was willing to just go with the flow and pick up on all this as it came though I asked for names. Elwood got up when it was my turn so he got to share, with my help, too. The plus of his week was going on a new route. The minus was my insistence that we turn around and retrace our steps.

I am learning how to use the Madison public library site. Since the regional library sent me a cassette machine, I will borrow cassettes from the library. I've found some of interest as well as compact disc books. I've put in several requests and emails should arrive when the books arrive at my branch. The system is a bit unwieldy as I have to find the author first and then limit results to either cassettes or CDs. There's no category that is simply audio. 

I have read some different books lately. I did a lot of reading while I was in the kitchen. Gentlemen and Players is a complicated tale told from two perspectives. It has some surprising plot twists. I can't say more without spoiling it. This would be a good book discussion title. 

I also read Gentlemen of the Road by Chabon. I read his The Policemen's Union which is an alternate history police procedural. Chabon wanted to call Gentlemen of the Road Jews with Swords. It is a great tale of one Franc and one Abyssinian, both Jews, who are traveling in the area around the Caspian Sea, encountering armies and other thieves--Vikings, Muslims and Jews. The elephants are great. I'm not sure this is a good discussion book but it's quite entertaining.

One of my fun things to do is read the recently returned section of the overdrive site for the Wisconsin Public library Consortium. I can pick up books I would never know about here. I've just started one written by the Dahli Lama about spirituality and science and another one on the history of the calendar.</p></body></html>