<html><body><p>Such a beautiful day ! Elwood and I walked up to Curve. The woman I had met when the mobility instructor and I first checked it out was there. "You came back," she said. I explained I had come last Thursday. It turns out she is off Wednesday and Thursday. I had an omelet--definitely dinner, huge and good.It was twice as much as the eggs I had last week so they're a better bet most of the time. Then we walked back, definitely our exercise for the day. The people who sit at the counter help out with seating. We sat against the wall because I thought it might protect Elwood better. It's tight for a left-anded eater.<br><br>In other food news, my friend baked a wonderful loaf in my bread machine. I now have bread machine and bbread in the house. She also gave me the recipe and the ingredients should be arriving with my other groceries later today. The coop has dried mulberries so I will find out what they taste like. I only know what Dr. Souix's POV character saw on Mulberry Street and to think there is a Mulbery Street in Trenton. I also learned, because the coop gives such info, that most dried fruit has sweetener of some kind added as well as oil. Prices are all over the place, but fortunately I can purchase small amounts. I also learned about salt since I needed some of that, too, for the bread. Sea salt comes fine and coarse and in bulk. So does the laundry detergent. <br><br>I stopped at the local grocery store yesterday. Unfortunately, they gave me vanilla yogurt instead of plain. This particular vanilla wasn't horrifically sweet. It tasted almost like vanilla pudding. I understand it is difficult because they look alike. I will have to ask for someone who reads English well. The woman that most often helps is a good egg, but I do not think she reads well in English and depends on what things look like and the peopole in the particular departments for assistance.  <br><br></p></body></html>