---
layout: post
title: Solo
date: 2006-12-02 10:17
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<p>Elwood and I had our solo today.
<p>We were second of two so we sat in the van for a time. Elwood jumped into my lap, all cuddly. I'm learning that he is a sneak and a cheat so don't play poker with him! Licking my face also means an opportunity looking out the side and back windows of the van.
<p>It is a gorgeous day here. The storm came through quickly last night. By the time I got outside for our solo walk, I could open my light winter coat. The sun is out.
<p>We had a very successful trip. Elwood pulled well. I understand he took advantage of me. Remember, Elwood is a cheat and a sneak. I thought we had a tight place by a tree. We didn't. Elwood just wanted to sniff. He also did some air scenting and slipped under a flag which brushed the top of my hair. I caught him at taking a shortcut through a gravel area with trees and made him do it right. Otherwise, he was great. 
<p>He is tired though. He laid down on the van floor after coming in up and over my lap.
<p>Getting out of the van, I slipped and sat down hard.. Elwood bounced out of the van so we had to do it all over again correctly.
<p>He's been quiet. We don't have a trip scheduled until Monday morning though we can take a turn arounde the leisure path this afternoon and tomorrow which will be very nice. The leisure path was closed due to snow cover when I was here last so this is a welcome treat.
<p>We also have to do laundry and get some serious writing done.
