---
layout: post
title: Exploring
date: 2007-09-29 21:07
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<p>Today was cool and without rain. I put on my sweatshirt and Elwood and I went for a long walk. I decided to stick to 3rd Street. I didn't feel up to messing with 6th Street since we hadn't done this route in a while for a number of reasons. Saturday seemed like a good opportunity.<p>We walked as far as Lakin then turned around. Elwood was cross. He moved along smartly up until this point. When we crossed Hall, I turned right to go alongside the plaza. Could we walk around it.<p>Well, walking into unknown territory has its rewards and its shortcomings. We didn't get lost. We did run out of sidewalk, found a brick path that led to a structure and found a sidewalk that terminated at blacktop. Elwood turned, but I am still wondering if we could have crossed it to get to 3rd St. I will test that hypothesis starting out at 3rd another day.<p>We retraced our steps, but Elwood thought we should cross a brick street. I didn't remember crossing that street, but then we had walked, turned around, walked, turned around such that I thought I may have been mistaken. Well, I wasn't mistaken. Elwood wanted to keep going. I hadn't realized Hall was brick at this point. We passed a man with a dog and ended up at another street corner. I turned right and came to another street, turned right again expecting to be back in front of the funeral home. Wrong. Unbeknownst to me, we weren't walking along 3rd Street. We came into Hall. Crossing this yet named street, we made our way back to 3rd, crossed and walked in front of the plaza and home.<p>It was a good walk and we found some more places to walk and we never were particularly lost; I just didn't always know exactly where I was which is a very different thing. Being lost is not having a clue even which way to turn or having the feeling you will walk indefinitely and not come to something familiar.
