---
layout: post
title: Saturday
date: 2008-06-28 19:37
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [move, Uncategorized]
---
Elwood was still on eastern time this morning. Now that he and I know where his relief area is, this will work well. We took a long walk with J. and Melanie to a local coffee shop where we had lunch outside. Milwaukee prices are very different from Jamestown prices. Next we went to Trader Joe's and to Walgreens. A several mile walk in gorgeous weather. I got a sunburn. Elwood got a workout with many street crossings. He handled everything with aplomb.&nbsp;

I learned rice noodles have 56 carbs per quarter cup serving. I won't be eating them again very soon.

After numerous phone calls from the driver, my mover&nbsp;arrived at 5:10 p.m. today. It will be longer before my stuff arrives in madison as I had been told. I'm working at making myself scarce around the apartment.&nbsp;

Elwood is settling in well and getting used to these new arrangements quickly which is a relief. I'm even figuring out the new place.

I'll go Tuesday to sign the lease and see my new digs for the first time. This will help to know what I need to get.

The kids helped me pick out a new table, chairs, and computer station. It's a very different style from what I have had before. The chairs, for example, are black microfiber with chrome legs and a lighter wood top on the table with a white computer desk with metal foil. Melanie also found a small cabinet with two drawers in scratch and dent since the computer table has only shelving. We picked up a keyboard shelf to add to it. I'm trying to do simple lines and a new look.&nbsp;
