---
layout: post
title: 7/27/08
date: 2008-07-27 14:20
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [mobile, Uncategorized]
---
Given Elwood';s desire for outside time, we went for a walk. We took West Wingra to the corner of South Park, crossed and followed the bike path to Fish Hatchery and then south along Fish Hatchery. Lots of cyclists. One of the things about not being church-connected is you find out what people do on Sunday mornings--shop at the coop and cycle and go to coffee shops so far as I know. We came back to South Park and crossed. It turns out the north bound lane is closed for construction. Lots of stones and dirt. We navigated the crazy intersection at the next corner. I wasn't 100% clear on where we were when Elwood stopped at the coffee shop door. We went in and I had lunch, inquiring how many streets down Olen is. Some consternation. People don't carry this information around with them. But, as I expected, the couple at the next table went outside, looked and came back to report. I also learned the hair "hair cutting place" is on the next corner. Good to know as I need one. We found Olen and the button when someone came along to walk with me across the street because of the construction. We found our way to the grocery store--I was up for going to the corner and making a longer walk but Elwood knows the grocery store so we went there. Then Elwood went exploring. A pair of women rescued us and, with some suggestion of furthering our walk, we made our way home. Elwood was clear about the driveway and the outside door. See, I found it, so it got much congratulations about finding the coffee shop and finding his way back home. His sojourn at the grocery store had to do with dumpsters. Defintely of interest to dogs. It's sticky out there so we were glad to come home to a cooled apartment. I had turned the air on to be ready to receive hot person and dog.
