---
layout: post
title: Busy Day
date: 2008-07-31 20:02
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
My sister looked at google maps for me and worked out a basic walking route. We tested it out today. There is still construction at West Wingra and South Park so that direction was blocked as was West Wingra to Fish Hatchery crossing South Street. So we walked on the opposite side of the street, down Appleton to a busy street which I later determined was Fish hatchery. We retraced our steps--Elwood hates this part--and crossed, going up to Midland and along to Fish hatchery, crossing Appleton and going down to West Wingra. That's a strange crossing, but Elwood is a champ and knew where to go and with the traffic running on Fish Hatchery, I figured we were pretty safe. We can't walk along the river/creek on Planert because there isn't a path, so we crossed and walked on the other side of the street. I'm wondering if there is a store at the corner of South Park because I heard someone making those paging noises out to the street which I often here at big stores. We crossed over the water--a very steep bridge--and had to walk all the&nbsp;way back to&nbsp;along West Wingra to Fish Hatchery, up to Appleton, and back down to South and West Wingra to cross. Elwood hasn't figured out yet&nbsp;which building is ours from this direction, but fortunately I now&nbsp;know the step up to --51 is different than our entrance. We went in the front door of our building after that. We had never done that before. Come to think of it, we could have stepped off --51's stoop and gone into our building. I'm just not wired that way just yet. It'll be a shock to Elwood when we do that. 

We also did laundry, put a box downstairs and found a few things that had been put into storage that I wanted back in the apartment. Chip replaced the missing brackets for the bookcase and now the books&nbsp;are on it and that project is basically complete. Bit by bit the ends of boxes are going down though carrying things down to the basement is a bit tough since if Elwood comes that leaves me only one hand and if he doesn't come I could get hopelessly lost in the basement. Fortunately, he waited quite nicely at the bottom of the stairs while I carried an awkward box upstairs and continued to wait while I came back for him. I'm always concerned about him getting tangled in his leash on the stairs. He also waits so nicely while I'm doing the wash. It's quite a&nbsp;little miracle.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
