---
layout: post
title: Weekend
date: 2008-08-03 19:38
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
We've been busy this weekend. Saturday morning we took a walk and traveled some new streets. We went to the grocery store. Elwood identified a helpful person and I had a nice chat with the customer service man who, when I asked for a roll of quarters, said, "laundry day, huh?" elwood wanted to tour afterwards, but I kept insisting he find the stairs to the medical center parking lot and he finally did that. 

I&nbsp;came home and made gazpacho as well as a fragrant Indian dish for supper. Fortunately it was good because i have a lot of it. 

Today I went to First Baptist. My email was forwarded to the Board of chair. He contacted me. Another person contacted me because the chair was going out of town. Finally, a third person contacted me who will probably be my fairly steady ride. She is out of town next sunday but made arrangements for me. I was introduced to everyone as a retired pastor. I didn't know this about me, but for now it is a good enough cover story. 

All church services are different even when following the same basic plan. For example, in this congregation on this day, the offertory came very early in the service. They have a wacky rewrite of the Lord's Prayer. We had a second-career seminarian as preacher. The Minister of Discipleship presided at Communion and did an outstanding job with her prayers. We filed to the front to receive. Intinction isn't my favorite but with grape juice it's the best anyone can do. It was the "bread of life" and the "cup of compassion", compassion being the theme of the day. I haven't checked, but I'm guessing we were on target for the lectionary. 

The children's sermon was interesting. The children went forward. The minister read a retelling of the Gospel. People held up signs for thefour keywords: Jesus, people, bread, fish. Every time one of these words was read, the sign went up and the congregation repeated the word. It certainly makes you pay attention to every word. Try it.

Afterwards a group met about supporting those on probation and getting their lives back together again. I went to this meeting because the driver went to this meeting. I got home&nbsp;about 3 hours after I had left.

This church has greeting down pat. Everyone introduces themselves. They bring other peopole over to introduce them to you. It will be interesting to see what happens next. It will also be interesting to meet the senior pastor who is&nbsp;currently on vacation.

Elwood was very good and did not climb in my lap or walk on the pews.&nbsp;&nbsp;
