---
layout: post
title: In My Lap
date: 2008-11-25 19:45
author: rillonline
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
I was working on my lap top and it was literally in my lap. Along came Elwood. He started to climb onto my lap, bone and all.

"Hey," I said, "there's no room. I can't have a dog and a computer on my lap."

He kept coming, proving that indeed I could have both a dog and a computer on my lap. I explained that the object was not to push the laptop off my lap. I think Elwood disagreed.

I have been busy with family here which was fun and nanowrimo which is hard but also fun. I'm within three days of finishing by Sunday.

Today we went off to the library. They've just instituted this great feature: you get an email 2 days before a book is due back. I had one to return.

Then we went to the grocery store. You would think this would be simple. It is not. I brought a list so that someone would have to read the list and therefore my helper would be able to read. He could read, but he doesn't shop. No householder would go through the store the way he did. To the baking isle. Grab an item. Go to the dairy isle. Grab an item. Go back to the baking isle. Grab another item. Go to ... well, you get the idea. I did not get a receipt as I never do anything with them but throw them out. Do you know I got a tub of margarine when I wanted a tub of whipped butter? I was so looking forward to it, too. Fortunately, I tasted before I put it on anything.

Sunday I went to the church's holiday fair which is a fund-raiser for people elsewhere who need things. You buy the things such as rabbits or water Buffalo's or birthing kits or meters of well drilling. That's the fair. I thought it would be a dull as dish water but it is actually exciting to decide how to spend money and why. Some of it is price. A blanket and a pair of rabbits costs the same. A whole water buffalo is $200 but was being sold in halves of buffaloes. We were uncertain is that meant left and right or front and back. There were soccer balls for Darfore, 50 chick lots and a solar powered water still. Someone was selling fair trade coffee and tea, too. The Sunday learns and staffs tables.
