--- 
layout: post
title: Just Do
tags: Technology
---

I have some files on my Windows machine that I would like to have on my pi. I could:

*  copy them to a penn drive and then copy them from the penn drive.
*  Install and use `winscp`.
*  Install `owncloud`.
*  Use `samba`.

I have been meaning to get `owncloud` working, but I haven't gotten around to it just yet.

`Samba`, I thought, would be the way to go. It's a Windows machine I want to use and `samba` is the thing to use, right?

"Just do" with a short list of instructions. Piece of cake.

Except it doesn't work.

I went to the `Samba` official pages and tried to pick out what I needed to do. No luck.

I started reading through the checklist page. A few tests worked okay, but then one failed. Some service or other is failing to use a particular socket. I'm stuck.

I get so frustrated at quick Internet posts about one process or another which purport to tell me how to do something. `Just do`. It looks like I will have to set aside the time to work through the official pages step by step to get this thing going. It will be a lot of hard reading since I really don't understand sockets and how one thing connects to another. The truth is, I don't really care. I just want it to work. If I throw the light switch, I want my light to go on or off. I don't want to know about electrons and my electrical grid. It should just work.

After all, I know how to copy files to a penn drive and transfer them that way.

It just might be easier to configure `owncloud`.
