<html><body><p>We did it! We set out from the apartment, walked to Prendergast, went to 5th and went all the way to Fairview where we went down to Harding. I decided to walk Harding instead of going back to Fairmount. I didn't feel like walking back up the hill and Fairmount is busy and noisy. There was a fair amount of traffic on harding, but it's basically residential. 

We had a little trouble at Steel. We will need to review the intersection, as to where it is. We also overshot on Harding and coming back, Elwood did one of those wonderful diagonal crossings to get to where he needed to be. The good people at the intersection just waited for us to get out of the street. I found the button at 3rd and we sailed home.

There were still people gathered around at the dregs of the Farmer's Market. I didn't know how late there was activity there. Some guy complained loudly about almost being run over by a Seeing Eye dog. Good heavens! The dog is only trying to make his living and you can see. You have a big mouth, too, so you could have said something earlier to help instead of just bitch and moan. I was trying to make sure Elwood wasn't shopping or visiting so I kept him moving.

Earlier today we went to the market. Elwood still wants to shop. The man with the chawawa wanted to take our picture for his scrapbook. I questioned him carefully about this. Sad. I was concerned about his motives and he just collects dog pictures.

our walk this afternoon took about an hour and twenty minutes.</p></body></html>