<html><body><p>Elwood and I went to the grocery store today. We went off early and arrived at the store with help from others entering the store. We located customer service with help and received it promptly. The helper was very straight forward: What should I do? We traveled about the store, picking up a few items. The helper stayed with me through checkout. The cashier wanted to know how I wanted my cash back and, since I asked that my groceries be put in my carry bag, if I was taking the bus. Our helper got us out of the store. We returned to the parking lot we need to traverse. Wow! This is going great. Then I find myself on a street with traffic on my left instead of my right if we are to be going back to the apartment with about 10 pounds of groceries. I turn around. Elwood suggests we cross a street and start investigating a residential area. I decide to retrace our steps and one thing led to another and we are walking down the sidewalk of a busy road. I heard a buzzer to indicate a signal change and hoped we were on South Park. Elwood hesitated, then went on. We walked. No one was out and about. We walked some more. I didn't have my cell phone but then again, who would I have called? I kept thinking we'd hit the corner but the sidewalk seemed to go on forever. I hoped this was not a street I had never been on. Remembering that the corner of West Wingra and South park is a long walk, and yet not coming to it, I turned around. Elwood was grumpy and I was short with him. He turned into a parking lot. With luck, this was the grocery store and yes, it was. A very helpful man wanted to know if we were going inside and I said no and we went into the parking lot again. Elwood thought we might cross South Street and stood firm on that for a short while, but then did indeed turn toward home. But he didn't turn into our driveway and kept walking and walking. Were we on our street? I decided to turn around because if we were, we had passed our building. Elwood turned into a driveway but the step up to the door wasn't right and my key doesn't work in that building's lock.. We tried again. We went to the front of the next building. I decided to find our driveway and we went up the next one. Yes, this was ours. Elwood had found it.

We weren't gone all that long. We hadn't walked forever or been really, really llost. It just seemed that way because I didn't know where we were. Fortunately, I can hear the south park traffic most of the trip to and from the store so I now know to use that info and to know I think we have walked further than we have in reality \. I also learned the store is busy in the afternoon on Saturdays and to go there in the morning. I also learned that people of both genders and a variety of races are pleasant and offer to help in this neighborhood.   </p></body></html>