<html><body><p>J. and Melanie have just left. The goods came today. The poundage was right because there is stuff all over the place. We think the hussle is telling you that you have far less stuff than you really have. I think by a studio they mean a dorm room, etc. <br><br>It's been a gorgeous day. Melanie and I left early this morning for the coop. For $10 I got a year's membership as a disabled person. This entitles me to a 10% discount. I bought enough food to already pay for the year's membership. <br><br>You can buy shampoo in bulk. By this I don't mean you get a large container. I mean you can buy it by the ounce. You can also purchase a handy container which you can bring and reuse. The pasta is sold this way, too, along with olive oil, rolled oats and honey to name a few items. We brought home coffee in cups made with water-based ink and cheese Danish. Melaniue had scrambled eggs for breakfast. We went for lunch at the local coffee shop which is very friendly. <br><br>One of the traffic lights has a buzzer to tell you when the walk sign comes on. Elwood has identified the local grocery store. The medical center parking lot is empty on weekends.<br><br>The sound proofing isn't the greatest, but the setting is terrific. There's been a nice breeze. I found I had two extra windows, one in the dining area and one in the living room.<br><br>Right now there are too many boxes about. Winter clothing and Christmas decorations are already in the storage area which has a wooden floor to get things off the basement floor. <br><br>M, thanks for the notes on the boxes. They were read.<br><br>The driver was pleasant and complained about how the truck was packed. He is off to Michigan and then to New Jersey. The dispatcher called to say the driver wouldn t deliver until Sunday because he got caught in traffic in Chicago. <br><br>I'm blogging from the phone. The cable box did not arrive so I have to track that down tomorrow. Cell coverage is dodgie on both my network and Melanie's. However, voice mail is received. I'll keep you updated here and hope the internet gets sorted soon. Everyone in Madison has their networks locked down.</p></body></html>