<html><body><p>It's much cooler today and windy. Elwood and I took a walk. I had a plan. Elwood had a plan. They were not the same plan. We walked up South Street and negotiated crossing High Street and got to the corner. Walking along South Park we came to sidewalk construction. They are redoing the water main. A friendly man walked us around and we made our usual turn at Wingra. (The water across Wingra is Wingra Creek. I had just planned to walk back to the apartment but Elwood suggested we go farther. Well, okay, it's a nice day. We crossed South and walked both sides of Appleton. Oh dear, going back home. A wacky crossing. Somehow, we ended back on Appleton though I thought it was South so suddenly came to a different sort of intersection. Hmm. Where are we Elwood? I started retracing my steps and decided we must be along Fish hatchery Road. I was certain when we crossed Wingra. Elwood was positive he didn't want to go on the bike path so we walked down Planert. He would have been off to the railroad tracks and beond I'm sure if I hadn't insisted we turn. The "store" on the corner with the announcements turns out to be a car dealership. When we got back to Wingra, Elwood was all for going on the bike path, but enough is enough. We crossed, orange cones and dirt and stone at the corner and all and retraced our steps. Now we are going back. Well, if I insisted, and Elwood even picked the correct driveway. He really does know where he lives.

I stopped off in the office and while in conversation, discovered the medical center is across the street from the parking lot I traverse to go to the grocery store. This is where the doctors' offices are and some out patient services. They have a Fish Hatchery address, but I can access it from the South Street side. Talk about convenient. Bit by bit the neighborhood is coming into focus.

The Council Of the Blind is trying to get me some mobility services. Orientation and Mobility people are rare--a definite career possibility for someone who likes to be outside. We will also see about para transit. It's a bit dicy but apparently can be arranged. This will take some time to do. 

In conversation, i also have learned that the reason my water is so soft is because Madison water is very, very hard and it is softened.

My other little victory is learning how to plug my cordless vacuum in to be recharged. I thought it was in the handle. It's on the base so now I always have power.</p></body></html>