I have been writing my Nanowrimo Prep document. This is a series of
headings and several nested lists along with lengthy paragraphs either
under a heading or under one of my list items.

This sounds straight forward enough but I have run into problems
largely because I didn't fully grasp how Org thought of indentations.
This was fully revealed to me when I exported my document to html.

I was totally baffled. The web page didn't look like what I was
writing. To solve this, I started editing the html document and
converted back to org using pandoc. The conversion wasn't perfect, but
good enough to clue me in.

Did I mention that actually writing in html is /very/ difficult?

If you want to see your document as a web page, type:

#+begin_example
c-c c-e h o
#+end_example

This will not only convert your document, but open it in a web page
where you can easily see what is going on. Using a screen reader, the
headlines are identified as well as the lists, the number of items in
a list and whether you are going into or coming out of a nested list.
Another helpful clue is that the headings are numbered (unless you
have turned this off globally). Finally, the list items are numbered
(if you are using numbered lists) and you can see how Org is thinking
of them.

*Indent Everything*

Well, maybe not everything, but even paragraphs under a heading or a
list item should be indented to see the relationship.

Sometimes Org resisted this. I had a paragraph at the left hand margin
and I want to shift it left three spaces. Org couldn't do that for me
so I had to manually indent line after line. Auto-fill couldn't do it
either.

If your paragraph is long, Emacspeak will prompt you if you want to
"read this long line?" Annoying, but just press 'n' and then perform
one action. Emacspeak will ask you again. Again press "n" and perform
that action.    

Once you have your paragraph at the right indentation, move to the
beginning of the line and press "m-q" to reflow the paragraph. Now
that pesky "read long line?" prompt will go away.

If you are moving things around, adding and subtracting list items, go
to the top of the list and press "c-c c-c" to renumber it. This will
maintain your sanity somewhat. It will also show you where the
numbering is inconsistent. At this point, you can track down the
problem in your formatting.

Happy writing. 
