<html><body><p>Sunday we went Christmas caroling. It was a lot of driving as we visited shut-ins. It was fun singing. Also, I made a pit stop and was told it was just a room. I thought it was your typical unisex bathroom. No. It turned out this room led into another and then from there into another hallway. Elwood left and was returned. If one had wanted privacy, both doors needed to be closed?

We have been back to the library, after a thaw and another snowfall. Elwood is doing much better, accepting that sidewalks may be snow-covered and streets are for cars. I guess me climbing up snowbanks convinced him this methodology was highly irregular.Guide dogs do not like irregular.

I have spent several days working on my on line grocery list. The kids and spouses are coming for Christmas Eve dinner. There's a church service in the middle. After considering alternatives, I've decided on 3 kinds of soup. One is my grandmother's depression era potato soup. I keep thinking Gram would have found it amusing that it is a featured dish at a holiday celebration. Someone thought it was a sign of the economic times. I think it is a sign of homemade versus prepared. I will also make bread now that I understand my bread machine and have our Christmas rice pudding and fruit, both dried and fresh.

I decided cookies were fine for the cookie bake. I brought some home and found I wanted to eat them. I  further found this was not a good thing so they went as part of the pot luck on Wednesday night. And I decided buying all the items to bake more was too much. I also have to been concerned with a lactose intolerant guest so we're doing lots of soy and no refined sugar. Did you know you can buy vanilla flavored powder instead of vanilla extract? I've also learned about the fertilization of fig trees and the available varieties and about the production of soy milk and how it is sweetened and what muesli is. And all I wanted to do was make dinner.

We are expecting a big snowstorm overnight and more very cold temps. The high yesterday was 16 I think and the low -3</p></body></html>