<html><body><p>Today we go to the train and return on the bus. It is very cold. We were awakened at 5:30 by Elvis and an announcement that it was 17 degrees out--and blowing. Park was better this morning: no wet shoes, no wet jeans, poop in a straight line. 
</p><p>Yesterday we did some country work, walking on a road without sidewalks. More trouble than it's worth! Our second trip was back on South Street, into stores, walking on the Green in the center of town. The graduates who live in town don't walk on the Green because it is impossible to judge the traffic and use the traffic islands to get there.
</p><p>Our Elm Street solo went fine. I partnered with another woman who found memorizing the route and the traffic overwhelming. She lives in the country. We had to work around a construction site--an unplanned barrier. I realized how strange it is to hear construction since there is not a lot of it in Jamestown. I think the day laborers were talking about us. I think I heard the word <em>perror</em> as I passed. Later in the trip, there was a dog guide backup at the planned barrier. We were 4 of 4. Elwood didn't even bother to go up to the barrier. he just made the turn. We had to wait for traffic to step out into the road. In the afternoon, we rode escalators and elevators in a department store.
 </p><p>At my final massage session, the woman said everyone told her they were tired. She was doing a lot with leg muscles. I learned that although my knees ached, it is probably the thigh muscles which ache.
</p><p>Elwood is being very stupid about going to his mat. He is very clear about staying there while I bring the food. In the afternoon, we have to tell them to stay put while we fix dinner. He is very clear about what gets dinner there fast--or he thinks he's tied up--I don't know which yet.
</p><p>I managed to tie him up in the flixline--25 feet of tape measure. It reminded me of the time I got Caitlin wrapped up in a microphone wire during worship.
</p><p>Later ...
</p><p>The train was late so we took it both ways and will leave the bus to another day. It was very cold waiting on the platform. Elwood has been taught to avoid the edge of the platform when there is no train. A forward command from several feet away causes him to immediately turn left or right. We needed to use the stairs both ways to get on and off the train.When we got back, Elwood stopped at a very high curb. He refused to go off of it. Who knows! It might have been a platform. Hey, he was at a train station. Finally, we got him into the parking lot.
</p><p>Train station: Elwood 100%, Merrill, about an 82. Platforms make me nervous though I traveled NJ Transit and Septa 7 to and from LTSP for a semester.
</p><p><a href="http://www.messiahnfm.org/sounds/sermons/12_3_06.mp3">Rusty's sermon</a>reflects on adventures, beginning with Merrill 'n Elwood.</p></body></html>